GH-39649: [Java][CI] Fix or suppress spurious errorprone warnings stage 2 (#39777)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/java/development.rst

.. _conbench: https://github.com/conbench/conbench
.. _checkstyle: https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/main/java/dev/checkstyle/checkstyle.xml
.. _Apache Maven pom.xml guidelines: https://maven.apache.org/developers/conventions/code.html#pom-code-convention

> Error Prone
> ===========
> 
> In relation to code formatting and standards, ``Error Prone`` compiler analysis may use cache to avoid
> showing the warnings if attempted re-run of ``mvn clean install``. To avoid the cache to include the
> warnings, use ``mvn clean install -Ddevelocity.cache.local.enabled=false -Ddevelocity.cache.remote.enabled=false``
> instead.
> 
> Also note that Error Prone must be disabled for auto generated content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build Caching
=============

Build caching is done through Develocity (formerly Maven Enterprise).  To force
a build without the cache, run::

    mvn clean install -Ddevelocity.cache.local.enabled=false -Ddevelocity.cache.remote.enabled=false

This can be useful to make sure you see all warnings from ErrorProne, for example.

ErrorProne
==========

ErrorProne should be disabled for generated code.
```
